that's a very simple but very effective
Travis picking button that's useful for
a company more songs and that's played
by following an ordinary C card so now
we'll see card in the first position
and the foam is going to alternate
between the air string and the D string
and for this example I'm going to refer
to the strings as the awful strings of
the guitar e the G me just for
simplicity so by placing the thumb on
the air string place the index finger on
the third string which is the G the
middle finger on the second string B and
the ring finger on the first string E so
we have that position thumb index middle
ring finger playing each of those
strings and the form is one alternate
between the air and the D string
saw the pattern starts by playing the a
string the thumb and the g string with
the first finger so the first part of
the pattern is index
phone
for the second part of the pattern is a
continuation so starting at the
beginning we've already learned from
index the second part is the fom players
the debase and the middle finger players
the B string second string
so now we have thumb index thumb middle
and put lost two parts together we've
got
index
the third part of the exercise for index
thumb middle
phone ring solo way out the first three
parts of the pattern form on your air
string index on the G foam on the D
middle finger plays the B foam on the
air finger plays the fourth part in the
sequence is the addition of the middle
middle when you play in this sequence
one little tip that will help you is
each time you play in the D base you're
going to be following it by
the middle finger playing the B string
second string so it's always that
sequence the D base is almost followed
by the middle finger and that'll just
make sure that you're kept in sequence
and let you pick in
so we have thumb index from middle
phone ring middle you can see that full
middle each time we play like debase
souls followed by a little finger and
then you're gonna keep it in sequence
with you pickin so the pattern is played
nice and slowly nice and even way with
an asked or you get index ring middle
and then by gradually increasing the
tempo and I would recommend practicing
this for maybe 10-15 minutes each day
and by the end of a couple of weeks
practice if not sooner you should have a
a moderate natural finger pattern which
floors nasan even one so if you aim for
a temple round about this
our shoes using the foam on those two
and the index middle and ring on you G B
and E strings and gradually it gets up
to temp or after a week
that button can be used for coming in
more songs